tell me if this sounds familiar a man
walks into a store he searches for a
certain section of books he takes out a
can of lighter fluid I know why he
burned the books why because he wrote
Sydney Hall one of the best writers of
our time I've been searching for him for
years
wonder if you've know this man Sydney's
one of our brightest students because
permeate
what if I wrote him up what would it be
about it's your name melody no no no me
why do you keep running away from me
because it's fun
[Music]
you've been number one on the bestseller
list for eight months I'm seeing face
things that aren't there all right so
that's gonna shake people up you should
get on there be sure to take me with you
she write about me you know my father is
this is me I should write a book about
him you'll be singing a different tune
tomorrow what happens tomorrow
this book is a dangerous sign of the
times the book burnings I apologize for
nothing
for being sure I don't know what he
wants but he knows everything about me
no one is claimed to see or hear from
Sydney Hong over five years now how is
that possible everywhere they go he's
with me
you were one of the last people to see
him live that's not be getting to a
great book I don't know what is
the entire course of a person's life can
change in a millisecond
this has to end Sydney
this is this nice um what you think
give me the information about Sydney
Hall
and we'll never sing again